bulletin-board.md, before:

# SAS Resource Bulletin Board

This is an open source bulletin board! To edit this, you'll need a [GitHub](https://github.com/) account. It's not too hard to use. Here's a [tutorial](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello##world/).
	
## Healthcare
- Medicaid
- STAR Plans
- STAR PLUS Plans
- Gold Card
- County Indigent Health Care
- Marketplace Enrollment

## Transportation
- MTM
	- Non Emergency Medical Transportation for *recipients of Medicaid*
	- You can use a [table in English](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/calling-a-taxi-cheat-sheet.xlsx) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/calling-a-taxi-cheat-sheet-spanish.xlsx) for the phone call.
	- Phone: 855 687 4786
	- Statement of Medical Need
		- [frontpage](M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-blank.tif)
		- M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-blank.tif
		- [coversheet](M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-2.tif)
		- M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-2.tif
- METROLift
	- [Eligibility](http://www.ridemetro.org/Pages/MLEligibility.aspx)
	- [Application](https://www.ridemetro.org/MetroPDFs/News/Application-for-METROLift-Service.pdf)
- Discounted Q-Cards
- Bus Education
- Bus Maps
	-[Houston METRO Map](https://www.ridemetro.org/MetroPDFs/NBN/New-METRO-System-Map.pdf)
- using Google Maps (in [foreign languages](https://sites.google.com/site/tomihasa/google-language-codes))
	- An example route in [English](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/YMCA+International+Services+%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B8%D9%85%D9%87,+6300+Westpark+Dr+%23600,+Houston,+TX+77057%E2%80%AD/Houston+Social+Security+Office,+10703+Stancliff+Rd,+Houston,+TX+77099/@29.7029048,-95.5670929,13z/data=!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640c3ca88e98717:0x9f59b67ffa8ce40b!2m2!1d-95.4956358!2d29.7237297!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640e7e4f226fcd9:0x90ae5ae08d489800!2m2!1d-95.5686086!2d29.6583674?hl=en) (just add "?hl=en" to the end of the URL) and in [Farsi](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/YMCA+International+Services+%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B8%D9%85%D9%87,+6300+Westpark+Dr+%23600,+Houston,+TX+77057%E2%80%AD%E2%80%AD/Houston+Social+Security+Office,+10703+Stancliff+Rd,+Houston,+TX+77099/@29.7029048,-95.5670929,13z/data=!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640c3ca88e98717:0x9f59b67ffa8ce40b!2m2!1d-95.4956358!2d29.7237297!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640e7e4f226fcd9:0x90ae5ae08d489800!2m2!1d-95.5686086!2d29.6583674?hl=fa) (just add "?hl=fa" to he end of the URL). Here's a [list of language codes](https://sites.google.com/site/tomihasa/google-language-codes) to translate google pages.

## Rental Assistance
- [Emergency Assistance Matrix](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/emergency-assistance.xlsx)
- Society of St. Vincent de Paul
- Islamic Society of Greater Houston
- Wheeler & First Baptist Church

## Eyeglasses
- OneSight Program

## Dental 
- Low cost dental clinics

## Primary Care Providers
- Agenda for discussion
- Harris Health Locations
- Legacy Community Locations


## Food Pantries
- ECHOS
- GCCSA
- Houston Foodbank

## Continuing Education
- ESL Classes
- Citizenship Classes
- Pre-GED & GED Classes

## Medical Bill Reconcilliation
- template for calling
- Charity Care Programs

## Shelters
- Men's Shelters
	- Star of Hope Men's Shelter & Development Center
		- Address: 1811 Ruiz St, Houston, TX 77002
		- Phone: 713 227 8900
	- Salvation Army
		- Address: 2407 N Main St, Houston, TX 77009
		- Phone: 713 224 2875
		- Hours: 8AM–4:30PM
	- Casa Juan Diego
		- Address: 4811 Lillian Street, Houston, TX 77007
		- Phone: 713 869 7376
		- Hours: 9AM–4PM
- Cancer Care Centers
	- [The Ballard House](https://www.theballardhouse.org/)
		- [Application](https://www.theballardhouse.org/staying-with-us/apply-for-housing/)
		- Address: 21421 Cinco Park Road Katy, Texas 77450
		- Phone: 281 717 4670 
		- Contact: Melissa

Commit message:

updated Affordable Care act information

bulletin-board.md, after:

# SAS Resource Bulletin Board

This is an open source bulletin board! To edit this, you'll need a [GitHub](https://github.com/) account. It's not too hard to use. Here's a [tutorial](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello##world/).
	
## Healthcare
- Medicaid
- STAR Plans
- STAR PLUS Plans
- Gold Card
- County Indigent Health Care
- HealthCare.gov (from the [Affordable Care Act](https://www.healthcare.gov/glossary/affordable-care-act/))
	- see also new information on the [American Healthcare Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Health_Care_Act_of_2017#Comparison_between_ACA_and_AHCA)

## Transportation
- MTM
	- Non Emergency Medical Transportation for *recipients of Medicaid*
	- You can use a [table in English](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/calling-a-taxi-cheat-sheet.xlsx) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/calling-a-taxi-cheat-sheet-spanish.xlsx) for the phone call.
	- Phone: 855 687 4786
	- Statement of Medical Need
		- [frontpage](M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-blank.tif)
		- M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-blank.tif
		- [coversheet](M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-2.tif)
		- M:\resource-binder\mtm-statement-2.tif
- METROLift
	- [Eligibility](http://www.ridemetro.org/Pages/MLEligibility.aspx)
	- [Application](https://www.ridemetro.org/MetroPDFs/News/Application-for-METROLift-Service.pdf)
- Discounted Q-Cards
- Bus Education
- Bus Maps
	-[Houston METRO Map](https://www.ridemetro.org/MetroPDFs/NBN/New-METRO-System-Map.pdf)
- using Google Maps (in [foreign languages](https://sites.google.com/site/tomihasa/google-language-codes))
	- An example route in [English](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/YMCA+International+Services+%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B8%D9%85%D9%87,+6300+Westpark+Dr+%23600,+Houston,+TX+77057%E2%80%AD/Houston+Social+Security+Office,+10703+Stancliff+Rd,+Houston,+TX+77099/@29.7029048,-95.5670929,13z/data=!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640c3ca88e98717:0x9f59b67ffa8ce40b!2m2!1d-95.4956358!2d29.7237297!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640e7e4f226fcd9:0x90ae5ae08d489800!2m2!1d-95.5686086!2d29.6583674?hl=en) (just add "?hl=en" to the end of the URL) and in [Farsi](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/YMCA+International+Services+%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D9%86%D8%B8%D9%85%D9%87,+6300+Westpark+Dr+%23600,+Houston,+TX+77057%E2%80%AD%E2%80%AD/Houston+Social+Security+Office,+10703+Stancliff+Rd,+Houston,+TX+77099/@29.7029048,-95.5670929,13z/data=!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640c3ca88e98717:0x9f59b67ffa8ce40b!2m2!1d-95.4956358!2d29.7237297!1m5!1m1!1s0x8640e7e4f226fcd9:0x90ae5ae08d489800!2m2!1d-95.5686086!2d29.6583674?hl=fa) (just add "?hl=fa" to he end of the URL). Here's a [list of language codes](https://sites.google.com/site/tomihasa/google-language-codes) to translate google pages.

## Rental Assistance
- [Emergency Assistance Matrix](https://github.com/ColtonGrainger/ymca-resources/blob/master/materials/emergency-assistance.xlsx)
- Society of St. Vincent de Paul
- Islamic Society of Greater Houston
- Wheeler & First Baptist Church

## Eyeglasses
- OneSight Program

## Dental 
- Low cost dental clinics

## Primary Care Providers
- Agenda for discussion
- Harris Health Locations
- Legacy Community Locations


## Food Pantries
- ECHOS
- GCCSA
- Houston Foodbank

## Continuing Education
- ESL Classes
- Citizenship Classes
- Pre-GED & GED Classes

## Medical Bill Reconcilliation
- template for calling
- Charity Care Programs

## Shelters
- Men's Shelters
	- Star of Hope Men's Shelter & Development Center
		- Address: 1811 Ruiz St, Houston, TX 77002
		- Phone: 713 227 8900
	- Salvation Army
		- Address: 2407 N Main St, Houston, TX 77009
		- Phone: 713 224 2875
		- Hours: 8AM–4:30PM
	- Casa Juan Diego
		- Address: 4811 Lillian Street, Houston, TX 77007
		- Phone: 713 869 7376
		- Hours: 9AM–4PM
- Cancer Care Centers
	- [The Ballard House](https://www.theballardhouse.org/)
		- [Application](https://www.theballardhouse.org/staying-with-us/apply-for-housing/)
		- Address: 21421 Cinco Park Road Katy, Texas 77450
		- Phone: 281 717 4670 
		- Contact: Melissa
